---
layout: page
title: Testimonials
permalink: /testimonials/
---

>> "Walter has a great curiosity and learning attitude, especially when it comes to data science and machine learning algorithm. He also has a unique result-driven, logical, and systematic way to plan and do everything in life, which I find very interesting and actually learnt a lot from. His work in the last 6 months at Uber has simply exceeded all my expectation."  
**- Dat Le, Data Scientist, Uber**<br><br>

>> "Driven by his commitment to learn as much as possible, Walter has managed to complete an internal rotation through three distinct teams in which he learned the basics of data science and analytics. The feedback from all teams he worked in has been only positive which ended up giving Walter multiple open roles to choose from. This is a true testament of his solid work on both Uber & UberEats. Thank you Walter & I look forward to welcome you to the Uber family as a full-time employee."  
**- Thomas Wolf, Head of Marketing Technology & Analytics, Uber**<br><br>

>> "Walter is a dedicated analyst who goes above and beyond to ensure a project success. He worked with me on a project that required expert analysis and developed the project to a state further than what was expected or required. He was always receptive to feedbacks, while also sharing his own opinions to ensure the project was solving for the right problems.
Walter's easy-going personality made him a great partner and I'm happy to have had the opportunity to work with him."  
**- Patrick Culhane, Regional Operations Manager of Restaurant Acquisition & Special Projects, Uber**<br><br>

>> "I have always been impressed by Walter’s desire to learn more and more. A self taught hard working team member. What more could one ask."  
**- Pranay Gupta, Head of Mass Customised Solutions, Schroders**<br><br>

>> "Walter Ngaw interned at Fullerton Fund Management Company in 2016-1H2017. As Co-Head of Multi-Asset, I supervised and worked closely with Walter. He was involved in market research and helped to set up and refine our suite of market indicators and models. He was highly motivated, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, systematic and displayed very sound understanding of what he needed to do. Moreover, he was always prompt in meeting deadlines - in fact, he was often delivering ahead of them. I strongly commend Walter for his dedication, and recommend him highly."  
**- Gerard Teo, Co-Head of Multi-Asset Strategies, Fullerton Fund Management**<br><br>

>> "Walter always showed a good business aptitude, is consistently punctual, inquisitive and always eager to learn more."  
**- Ron Lee, Chief Investment Officer, Wealth Management Alliance**<br><br>

>> "Walter is a pleasure to work with. He is hardworking, eager to learn and has a great attitude towards work. He is also skilled at Excel and VBA, which was very helpful to me."  
**- Abbas Keshvani, Macro Strategist, Barclays Investment Bank**<br><br>

>> "Walter's technical skill in VBA for excel is worth mentioning. Sales reports for Citi's Prime brokerage was generated by him to help sales personnel monitor Citi's performance."  
**- Hubert Koh, Transaction Banking International Graduate, Standard Chartered Bank**<br><br>

>> "A strong-willed individual with a keen eye for detail, Walter is a helpful colleague who was always willing to take the initiative in improving the Business as well as the welfare and capabilities of his colleagues. His superior networking skills, strong technical ability and his friendly demeanor will make him a fine asset to any company. I highly recommend Walter."  
**- Lester Koh, Independent Trader and Entrepreneur, Alpha Play**
